https://codepen.io/hleslie5/pen/ZEOovqa?editors=1100

<!-- Questions to Submit in today's file first-lastname.txt --> 

<!--
Copy the questions below into the first-lastname.txt file on your github repo - answer each question and then push your changes. 

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
Semantic HTML code are code elements (such as h1, p, section, nav) which provide more specific and descriptive meaning for programmers and computers reading hypertext markup language and are the current recommended standard as opposed to plain HTML code in that the pieces or elements can be scanned quickly with the meaning evident.

    2. What is HTML used for? 
Hypertext markup language is a structured computer language code in which information is displayed and this grouping of elements or articles or piecing of words and chunks of syntax and computer programming informational constructs produce a "box" or set of language pieces to display to a web browser page.  These HTML language inserts can be styled in various ways with CSS language.

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
Attributes are descriptors used inside elements, located in the HTML code, which supply information that links, from an href or src description, a clickable link displayed in the GUI web page to a behind the scenes image or web page listed in the HTML code to a preselcted url web page or image located from an online source.  
 
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
The h1 heading tag is a heading element which sizes the heading word phrase located between the h1 tags to the largest heading size available normally on the web page and then the CSS is normally used for specific font styling beyond the h1 heading tags for further font attributional additions.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes.
These two tags would be the image or img tab and the a or anchor tag described with simply an a.

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
The header element listed with <header>.

    7. What is an id? 
An ID is a title, that can be applied to a single element in HTML, in front of the attribute, in which the piece of information or code is chosen for more specificity in CSS for future styling.  The ID will begin with # and will select just 1 element.

    8. What elements can I add an id to?
An ID can be added to just a single element.

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?
Just once.

    10. What is a class? 
A selector term that can be applied to choose grouping of elements, written into HTML and CSS, to enable multiple elements to be selected at one time so that styling properties or rules can be applied as a group as opposed to writing out styling rules to each HTML element listing.

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
Multiple.

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
Unlimited number of times in CSS.

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
Linking a CSS source in HTML will be the key to getting a web link to open in a new tab with a url link or src link with a web location source written into the HTML.

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 


    15. How do I reference an id?
With a #.

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
Section wraps around a bigger chunk of code in HTML than the div.  Both a really for chunks of code though.

    17. What is CSS used for? 
CSS is styling language for information displayed on web browser pages with some information originating from HTML pages.

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
h2 {
  color: examplecolor
}
then all headers of the h2 size will be chosen just by listing the h2 once in front of the curly brackets

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
A class is a group listing of elements or more than one and an ID is a listing of just one element.
If you would want to group together a heading with h2 tags and then the header within it and then a paragraph following the header within the h2 tags, you could name the section with the class and then = and then a section class name so you could style the font with color and font style attributes in CSS.  An ID could be used, for example, to possibly select just a heading to apply a hover font color.

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
For example, if the paragraph is called I Am A Title Section informally by a programmer, then the HTML code would be edited to reflect something like <section class=i-am-a-title-section> and then the CSS would then reflect .i-am-a-title-section with the curly brackets coming right after the word section with the code then following that with styling applications.

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
.human in CSS

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
When you need to name the initial higher name of the section which is higher than the more immediate name of the area in which the area to be selected resides.

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
div.sidebar

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
This is a selector that selects elements that are either in a specific state or being hovered over according to MDM.  

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
Line-height in CSS

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
letter-spacing in CSS

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
text-transform

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
.nameofclassorID {
  border: 1px dotted black;
}

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
* or universal selector

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
According to W3Schools, start with a /*, end with */, and put the information inside the style element.

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
pwd

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
dir

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
rm

    34. Why should I use version control? 
A version control system organizes versions of software available to developers, allowing collaboration among participants, storing the software centrally, keeping a history of changes.

    35. How often should I commit to github?
Regularly, after changes, to create a history of sorts with each significant change so that a restore point is there.

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
git push

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
1.  Fork.  Takes a copy of what was given to you as your starting copy.
2.  Add collaborator.  Someone who will review your work will be chosen and added by you to request to look at the assignment.
3.  Clone.  Copy the assignment to your machine.
4.  Branch.  Like using the library, check out a book, branch out the assignment or copy or clone the assignment link, copy or clone the assignment to the machine and then branch the 
5.  Complete assignment.
6.  Push.
7.  Create a pull request.

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
An inline element will really just stay in the 1 line in HTML, in that it will not wrap to another line.  On the other hand, a block element will take up a whole
line and then wrap to next line.


    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
When an element is fixed to the absolute position, the element does not stay on the page in a fixed position, the element travels on the page depending on the scrolling factor.

    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
There is a styling property called fit-content that will flex the HTML graphical information to just fit the content available.


    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
Three elements which are block by default include div, section, and header.  Inline by default elements include br and img.  Inline block by default element includes span.


    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
The box model is a style of thinking in HTML and CSS in which there is a 4-layered box, the 
center of which is called content, wrapped by padding, encased by border, and finally
encircled by a margin.  The content will hold information like typing or text and pictures.  
The padding does not contain text but is outside the content.  The border can be a line
or perhaps similar depending on design element used and then a margin is outside the border.
(information explained by myself with the help of www.w3schools.com/css/css_boxmodel.asp)


   --> 